# Frontend test

### API

You are given an API with a single endpoint: [https://ossified-coil.glitch.me/data](https://ossified-coil.glitch.me/data)

The endpoint accepts 3 query parameters:

- `from`: Lower bound index in returned data, inclusive. Range: 1-1000
- `to`: Upper bound index in returned data, inclusive. Range: 1-1000
- `token`: This should be the token you received in the previous successful request (see `next_request_token` below). For the initial request, this can be left out.

It will return a JSON response formatted like this:

```
{
	"data": [
		{"index":104,"slot":8,"city":"Carleton Place","velocity":265.68},
		{"index":109,"slot":1,"city":null,"velocity":5268.7},
		(...)
	],
	"next_request_token": '8324544624405497'
}
```

- `index` is a non-nullable integer from 1 to 1000.
- `slot` is a number between 1 and 10, or `null`.
- `city` is a string or `null`.
- `velocity` is a float between 1 and 10000 or `null`.

Items will always be sorted by `index` in ascending order.

**If `slot`, `city` and `velocity` are all null, the API will not include this row in the result set**

- `next_request_token` is a randomized string generated by the server. You must include this as the `token` query parameter when making the next request.

**Clients that make multiple quick requests without using `next_request_token` will be banned for 30 seconds**.

If there is an error, it will be returned like this:
```
{
	"error": {
		"message": "There was an internal error"
	}
}
```
Status code will be provided in the HTTP response.

**400 errors** are considered client errors. Next request should use the same token as the previous one.

**500 errors** will cause the server to clear its cache, so all token information will be lost. Your next request can be without a token.

### Your task

Create a program that displays data from this API in a tabular form. 

User should be able to select a range of indexes to display (`from` and `to` fields). The initial range should be 1-20.

`null`s should be displayed like this:
- For `slot`, it should display `0`
- For `city`, it should say `"None"`
- For `velocity`, it should display `0.00`

All requested indexes should be filled, even if API doesn't return them. For example, if API returns indexes 78, 79 then 81, the client should auto-fill empty data at index 80.

If there is an error, user should be shown the error message.

### Parameters

- Browser target: latest Chrome, evergreen browsers. You can freely use ES6, if you wish.

- jQuery is banned. Other javascript libraries are frowned upon, but are OK to include if you really need them.

- Googling is allowed.

- Reference solution can be seen in action [here](https://ossified-coil.glitch.me/solution). Looking at its source code is not allowed.

- Test will last up to 1:30 hours.

- Visuals aren't important, but UX is. For example, user should never have to wait 30 seconds for IP ban to lift. You can drop in an external CSS (eg Bootstrap) if you wish to make the visuals nicer.

- The code should be organized to the best of your ability. Try to do production-quality work.

- Stretch goals: Client side validation, unit testing.
